Read the article on avoiding security flaws. Users are often considered to be the weakest link in cyber security. 
Propose your own top-5 list on how to reduce the human factor when dealing with cyber security (in about 300 words).

- It comes as no surprise that users are considered to be the weakest link simply because the lack of awareness. 
  In addition to that, humans are tend to make mistakes whether it means clicking malicious links, downloading files from the web or oversharing private information without verifying the receiver. 
  Here's my top-5 list:

1. Proper education and training: Might be obvious but also very important. The same way that school educates students, should companies educate their staff members. 
  Society should make sure that there are some type of cybersecurity awareness programs available for everyone.

2. Multi-factor authentication: MFA is already broadly used to access critical data through an additional layer of security on top of passwords, 
  making it much harder for attackers to get access even if the user's password is known.

3. Access control: This means that whether it's about users on a website or employees in a company, the users should not have access to information that does not belong to them. 
  This restricts the amount of cases where a user downloads any kind of secret information and then it gets leaked or lost.

4. Automation: When it comes to security measures that must constantly be updated and upgraded, automation should be used. 
  It removes the need for users to keep up with the evolution of measures like antivirus softwares, firewalls or other detection systems. 
  Identification and reportage of threads would then also be automated.

5. Cybersecurity policies: I am not a good example on this one because I rarely read the terms of service and policies of any application 
  but still they should exist and they should be very clear, comprehensive and detailed. 
  The policies should for example tell users how and in which way their private data is being used and if it's being shared to third parties. 
  This way users know what kind of information should not be shared. 
